{"en":"The great ship,  Titanic,  sailed for New York from Southampton on April 10th,  1912. ^ ","ch":"巨轮“泰坦尼克”号1912年4月10日从南安普敦起锚驶向纽约。  "}
{"en":"She was carrying 1, 316 passengers and a crew of 891. ^ ","ch":"船上载有1, 316名乘客与891名船员。  "}
{"en":"Even by modern standards,  the 46, 000 ton Titanic was a colossal ship. ^ ","ch":"即便用现代标准来衡量， 45, 000 吨的“泰坦尼克”号也算得上一艘巨轮了。  "}
{"en":"At that time,  however,  she was not only the largest ship that had ever been built, ^ ","ch":"当时， 这艘轮船不仅是造船史上建造的最大的一艘船，  "}
{"en":"but was regarded as unsinkable,  for she had sixteen watertight compartments. ^ ","ch":"而且也被认为是不会沉没的。 因为船由16个密封舱组成，  "}
{"en":"Even if two of these were flooded,  she would still be able to float. ^ ","ch":"即使有两个舱进水， 仍可漂浮在水面上。  "}
{"en":"The tragic sinking of this great liner will always be remembered,  for she went down on her first voyage with heavy loss of life. ^ ","ch":"然而， 这艘巨轮首航就下沉， 造成大批人员死亡。 人们将永远记着这艘巨轮的沉没惨剧。  "}
{"en":"Four days after setting out,  while the Titanic was sailing across the icy waters of the North Atlantic, ^ “","ch":"泰坦尼克”起航后的第4天， 它正行驶在北大西洋冰冷的海面上。  "}
{"en":"a huge iceberg was suddenly spotted by a lookout. ^ ","ch":"突然， 瞭望员发现一座冰山。  "}
{"en":"After the alarm had been given,  the great ship turned sharply to avoid a direct collision. ^ ","ch":"警报响过不久， 巨轮急转弯， 以避免与冰山正面相撞。  "}
{"en":"The Titanic turned just in time,  narrowly missing the immense wall of ice which rose over 100 feet out of the water beside her. ^ “","ch":"泰坦尼克”这个弯拐得及时， 紧贴着高出海面100英尺的巨大的冰墙擦过去。  "}
{"en":"Suddenly,  there was a slight trembling sound from below,  and the captain went down to see what had happened. ^ ","ch":"突然， 从船舱下部传来一声轻微的颤音， 船长走下船舱去查看究竟。  "}
{"en":"The noise had been so faint that no one thought that the ship had been damaged. ^ ","ch":"由于这个声音非常轻， 没人会想到船身已遭损坏。  "}
{"en":"Below,  the captain realized to his horror that the Titanic was sinking rapidly, ^ ","ch":"在下面， 船长惊恐地发现“泰坦尼克”号正在急速下沉，  "}
{"en":"for five of her sixteen watertight compartments had already been flooded! ^ 16","ch":"个密封舱已有5个进水。  "}
{"en":"The order to abandon ship was given and hundreds of people plunged into the icy water. ^ ","ch":"于是， 他发出了弃船的命令， 几百人跳进了冰冷刺骨的海水里。  "}
{"en":"As there were not enough lifeboats for everybody,  1, 500 lives were lost. ^ ","ch":"由于没有足够的救生艇运载所有乘客， 结果， 1, 500 人丧生。  "}